README.md, before:

# StarbuckApp_React_Node

This is the previous Starbuck App which I have changed into React. Still now I have developed the following features.

**Build width:**

- React
- Node
- MongoDB
- Semantic UI

**Features:**

- All the recipes are organized into different categories.
- Provides an opportunity to add new recipe to specific category
- Finds out the recipe information through search input
- Provides detailed information of the recipe and 
- Provides a way to edit and delete the recipe


## Different recipe routes -

<img width="1276" alt="screen shot 2018-03-19 at 3 50 22 pm" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31779751/37626458-584079be-2b8d-11e8-9939-91d8db4fb3b8.png">

<img width="1275" alt="screen shot 2018-03-19 at 3 57 57 pm" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31779751/37626730-5cf10afe-2b8e-11e8-8063-5c17128d5bf1.png">


## Add new recipe route -

<img width="1276" alt="screen shot 2018-03-19 at 3 42 21 pm" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31779751/37626575-d808dd6c-2b8d-11e8-92e8-255a6090d1c5.png">


## Search recipe by input -

<img width="1278" alt="screen shot 2018-03-19 at 3 43 05 pm" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31779751/37626608-f8ae2be4-2b8d-11e8-9799-cde404d70664.png">

<img width="1269" alt="screen shot 2018-03-19 at 3 56 05 pm" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31779751/37626639-12d79a28-2b8e-11e8-8cb3-95984af4e50a.png">


## Detailed information route - 

<img width="1271" alt="screen shot 2018-03-19 at 3 41 25 pm" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31779751/37626694-3a2338b2-2b8e-11e8-8151-c9d35f2b682e.png">


## Edit route -

<img width="1275" alt="screen shot 2018-03-19 at 3 47 31 pm" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31779751/37626766-8693f8d0-2b8e-11e8-99b8-d2f55c466825.png">

Commit message:

Changed the project description and added the project demo url

README.md, after:

# StarbuckApp_React_Node

While working at starbuck as barista I developed this app to quickly find the recipe rather than shuffling through the paper documentation.   

**Demo:** [Project Demo](https://recipeappinreactnode.azurewebsites.net)

**Build width:**

- React
- Node
- Express
- MongoDB
- Semantic UI
- Bootstrap
- Microsoft Azure

**Features:**

- Recipe list with create, edit, delete actions on recipe posts.
- Search feature to find the recipe quickly.
- All the recipes are organized into different categories.

## Different recipe routes -

<img width="1276" alt="screen shot 2018-03-19 at 3 50 22 pm" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31779751/37626458-584079be-2b8d-11e8-9939-91d8db4fb3b8.png">

<img width="1275" alt="screen shot 2018-03-19 at 3 57 57 pm" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31779751/37626730-5cf10afe-2b8e-11e8-8063-5c17128d5bf1.png">


## Add new recipe route -

<img width="1276" alt="screen shot 2018-03-19 at 3 42 21 pm" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31779751/37626575-d808dd6c-2b8d-11e8-92e8-255a6090d1c5.png">


## Search recipe by input -

<img width="1278" alt="screen shot 2018-03-19 at 3 43 05 pm" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31779751/37626608-f8ae2be4-2b8d-11e8-9799-cde404d70664.png">

<img width="1269" alt="screen shot 2018-03-19 at 3 56 05 pm" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31779751/37626639-12d79a28-2b8e-11e8-8cb3-95984af4e50a.png">


## Detailed information route - 

<img width="1271" alt="screen shot 2018-03-19 at 3 41 25 pm" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31779751/37626694-3a2338b2-2b8e-11e8-8151-c9d35f2b682e.png">


## Edit route -

<img width="1275" alt="screen shot 2018-03-19 at 3 47 31 pm" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31779751/37626766-8693f8d0-2b8e-11e8-99b8-d2f55c466825.png">
